Remove content from readme (#77)
ceramicnetwork/peerlist: README.md

> # ⛔️ This repo has been superseded by the [Ceramic Anchor Allowlist](https://github.com/3box/ceramic-anchor-allowlist)

Reviewer: I don't think this notice is accurate yet. We aren't really deprecating this repo and the new one doesn't replace this one entirely in terms of how it functions.

Would prefer to just have this be a short description of the peerlist and a note like what you have below:

"Note, if you are looking to join Ceramic mainnet and would like to be added to the 3Box Labs Anchor service, please...."

## Want to be added to the Ceramic Anchor Allowlist? 

> Plase visit the [Ceramic Anchor Allowlist Repo](https://github.com/3box/ceramic-anchor-allowlist) and follow the process outlined there! The *Ceramic Anchor Allowlist* gives you access to the 3Box Labs hosted anchor service. The *Peerlist* is no longer being used in the latest Ceramic Versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please visit the [Ceramic Anchor Allowlist Repo](https://github.com/3box/ceramic-anchor-allowlist) and follow the process outlined there! The *Ceramic Anchor Allowlist* gives you access to the 3Box Labs hosted anchor service.
```

Remove the last line because the peerlist is still being used by Ceramic v2. Or am I wrong here?

> ## 🌐 Ceramic Peerlist (Superceded)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 🌐 Ceramic Peerlist (Deprecated)
```

> This repository was used as a temporary solution for peer discovery in Ceramic. It served as a list of Ceramic nodes used as a bootstrap mechanism for peer discovery on the [Ceramic Network](https://github.com/ceramicnetwork/ceramic). When you started up a new Ceramic node this repository was queried to discover available peers and connect to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is a temporary solution for peer discovery for Ceramic v1 and will be deprecated as node operators migrate to v2. We are no longer accepting pull requests to be _added_ to the peerlists as it is not a requirement for running Ceramic v2.
```
